♪ ♪
Hey, look what I found.
(laughing)
Well, look what I found.
Mm.
Let's get out of here.
Okay.
(giggles)
(laughing)
Where are we going?
You'll have to wait
and see.
The Engineering building?
Come on, no one
will see us.
Oh, my God, you're insane!
- We should go back to my room!
- Stop whining. Come here.
Sweet mother of God.
(sighs)
I'm going to miss
you so much.
I know. I'm going
to miss you more.
MAN: No, I think I'm
going to miss you more.
Show me.
Oh, geez!
(clearing throat)
- Go, go, go!
- Your shirt, your shirt!
(laughing)
(muffled grunting)
(beep)
♪ NCIS: LA 3x11 ♪
Higher Power
Original air date on December 13, 2011
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪
(horse whinnying)
Come on.
No luck?
Can't believe this
is so hard.
You still working on
the Olvera case?
No.
- The Stewart case?
- No.
(horse whinnying)
Christmas present.
Parker Pony?
Hottest toy of the year.
Been sold out for months.
Only got 48 hours.
And the clock is ticking.
All right, there has to be
other toy horses.
You don't get it.
She talks, she flaps her wings,
and she responds to 30 commands.
Oh, five more than Deeks.
How's that?
- You talking about me?
- Hmm.
Are you going away?
No. Just looking at cars.
Happy holidays one and all.
Everything okay, Hetty?
Last night, I had a metanoia.
Maybe you should stretch more.
I was watching
A Christmas Carol
with George C. Scott.
While viewing the follies
of Ebenezer Scrooge
I suddenly thought, we need
some holiday cheer right here
in our shop.
So end of the day tomorrow,
we'll gather for some
merriment.
Merriment.
Your attendance is mandatory.
I do not have time for that.
You're a mean one, Mr. Hanna.
KENSI:
I have a non-cancellable
plan.
It's going to be great.
All right, we're all
going to be
hanging out together,
have a couple of drinks,
a few laughs.
It's going to be fun.
(bell ringing)
The holiday call of duty.
Oh, come all ye faithful.
Engineering
department at C.I.T.
Guard was K.O'd with ether.
Is he all right?
He was out for 15 minutes.
Long enough for someone to break
into the lab
of Professor Gareth Carlyle.
A Department
of Defense researcher
and an expert on EMP.
Electromagnetic pulses.
ERIC: Invisible blasts
of microwave energy
that can destroy any piece
of electronic equipment.
Don't you have to have
a nuclear weapon
to create a pulse like that?
That's how they discovered EMP's
in the '60s.
Nuclear testing in the Pacific
knocked out street lights
a thousand miles away
in Hawaii.
ERIC: Carlyle's focus is on
non-nuclear EMP's.
The man in black made off with
a 200-pound weapon prototype.
How'd he do it alone?
- An accomplice or a dolly?
- The missing weapon
is called a Flux
Compression Generator.
Seriously?
Let's hope he didn't
drive away at 88 miles an hour
in his DeLorean.
Like Doc Brown.
Back to the Future?
We get it.
Actually that's
a Flux Capacitor.
- This is a little..:
- Eric.
Uh... the...
flux has an explosive primer
wrapped in a copper coil
which generates the pulse.
It can take out a building's
worth of electronic gear.
Computers, cell phones, car
ignitions, anything with a chip.
It could cripple the air traffic
control tower at LAX,
Federal Building,
LAPD Operations Center.
CALLEN: What do we know
about Carlyle?
ERIC:
Ex-Navy. Straight arrow.
NELL: Wife's an office manager,
daughter's at the college--
Chinese studies major.
We'll start with the professor,
see what we're up against.
Kensi, Deeks, why don't you
check out the guard?
Yeah, I got to know a few SEALS,
on the N.S. Comfort.
A hospital ship?
Yeah, I was chief engineer
during Desert Storm.
Not too many casualties
back then.
Mainly humanitarian work.
I-I helped bring her
to Haiti last year.
So you have any idea who'd want
to get their hands on a flux?
Usual suspects, I suppose.
Drug cartels, anarchists,
al Qaeda.
We're monitoring that.
How hard is it to deploy?
Easier than a car bomb and a
hell of a lot more destructive.
Who knew you were working on it?
A couple of staffers,
grad students.
Anybody that showed a particular
interest in your work?
I wish.
Disinterest is, uh, more what
I'm up against.
Well, what about other
researchers?
Anybody who'd want to get
their hands on it?
No, there's not a lot
of competition.
Department of Defense
cut way back
on the budget for EMP research.
Anyone who'd want
to hurt you?
Uh, yeah, my wife.
But she'd use the car bomb.
She's Irish.
It's a bad joke.
She's a bit of a fiery redhead,
and we're not together anymore.
Um, I'm sorry, guys.
I got a hundred students here
waiting for their last lecture
of the semester. You guys are
welcome to sit in if you like.
We'll take a rain check.
Who needs a cup of 40-weight?
- No, we're good.
- Yeah.
So you're back
to work already?
Never took a sick day.
Not going to let a little ether
ruin that.
So what'd you see?
Stars, circling birdies.
- Anything identifiable on the guy?
- Nothing.
But I could for sure pick that
smooching co-ed out in a lineup.
I figure they
were in on it.
They got me away from my post
just long enough
for that ninja attack.
Okay, we'll be sure
to look into that, Columbo.
Carlyle-- how long
have you known him?
- 22 years.
- Wow.
Did he ever get
into any fights?
Arguments with co-workers?
Nicest guy there is.
These other professors--
they don't even know my name.
He remembers my birthday,
gets me a Christmas
present every year.
It's a damn shame.
What's a-- what's a damn shame?
They say he didn't make tenure.
You know what that means.
I do.
(phone ringing)
Eric, this better
be good news.
No luck yet, Sam.
I'll stay on it.
All right.
Okay?
Yeah, keep trying.
What?
- He can't find a Parker Pony.
- If Eric can't find it, no one can.
He couldn't find
my car either.
Uh-huh.
Is that who
I think it is?
Thought he had a last
lecture to get to.
Stairs.
Smart guy.
He used my elevator trick.
What do you mean
your elevator trick?
I made up that trick.
Got to be
here somewhere.
What happened to your lecture?
I had to cancel it.
I-I-I have an emergency meeting
at the Naval base
in San Diego.
You always respond to
emergency meetings on
your hands and knees?
- No.
- You lied to us, Professor.
Now would be a pretty good time
to start telling the truth.
I... Yes, um... I-I-I don't know
what I was thinking.
Uh...
The flux is in
the trunk of my car.
You stole it from yourself?
Yes, so I'd have an alibi.
Why would you
need an alibi?
The flux is set
to discharge tonight.
It'll take out the entire
Engineering Department.
This thing isn't going to go
boom when I open it, right?
No.
Oh, God.
I think we've
got a problem.
The garage gets locked up
at midnight.
Security makes their rounds
at 1:00 and at 3:00,
so at 2:00 a.m.
no one gets hurt.
You would have fried
every Engineering computer.
That's major damage.
Are you trying to get back
at the guys who didn't
approve your tenure?
No. No, I'm trying
to tell the world
about the legitimacy
of an EMP threat.
And you thought a practical
demonstration would do that?
I've been trying
to tell them for 20 years.
The government shut me down,
the university shut me down.
I honestly didn't know
what else to do.
Look--
I screwed up, I know that, okay?
I screwed up big time, I get it.
He was a star witness
at the congressional
EMP threat hearings.
Unfortunately, the
commission decided
that EMP was a remote
possibility.
Nothing to worry about.
Our entire economy runs on
vulnerable electronics.
But it would cost
billions to protect us.
My dad's research is good.
It's just being ignored.
They cut off all
of his grant money.
Is he working on anything new?
You don't get grants,
you don't get tenure.
Right.
And you lose your job.
He's lost weight.
He looks terrible.
When was the last
time you saw him?
Maybe a month ago.
When things got bad, it's like
his whole personality changed.
We'd get in these huge fights
every night.
He'd snap at us
over the tiniest things.
I was kind of glad
when he moved out.
How long are you
gonna keep him?
When we're done,
I'm afraid he's gonna have
to go to jail
because of the assault
on the security guard.
Doesn't really matter.
We weren't even gonna have
Christmas together this year.
CARLYLE:
That's your best shot.
You have to find this thing,
do you understand me?
In the wrong hands, the flux is
a disaster waiting to happen.
I-I'll do anything
I can to help.
How hard is it to reprogram?
A TV repairman could do it.
Who else knew you made it?
Just a handful
of my students, so...
Names.
Hamada Al-Aziz.
He's a master's student.
His uncle works
for a Somali charity.
Seed Marshall...
"Seed"?
Who names their kid Seed?
KENSI:
He's cute.
NELL: He's a Ph.D. candidate.
He was arrested
for spiking trees in Oregon.
Teaching assistant
Patrick Quade,
he's got two unpaid
parking tickets.
Ooh, that flux'll wipe 'em right
off his DMV record.
Chester Wilkins and Bevan Tao.
CALLEN: Learn
their names, Kensi.
Nell has your college
transcript,
your senior thesis
and your GRE results.
You're going back
to school.
Can I help you?
Hey. I'm Kayla Glenn.
I start the master's program
in January.
MAN: Get a job
flipping burgers.
- Save yourself two years of misery.
- (chuckles)
It's a bad time. Our professor
took an unexpected leave
of absence, and... final design
projects are due tomorrow.
I'm Seed.
Hi.
- This is Bevan.
- Hey.
Chester...
Hey.
Hamada.
Hi.
I'm sorry.
I don't shake hands with women.
Okay, your loss.
Where'd you do your undergrad?
MIT.
Intense. Who was your advisor?
Steven Eppinger.
Oh!
The guy's a legend,
the guru of green design.
Yeah. Oh, no way.
Is that a solar car?
SEED: Designed
and built it.
KENSI:
That is so cool.
The working model's at the
proving ground in Palmdale.
I'm going up there tomorrow.
I mean, I don't know
if you're interested,
but... Hey!
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Are you blind?
No, no, not blind.
Just cleaning up trash.
If you dweebs are staying up all
night, you need some nutrition.
Hey, just be careful
with your crumbs.
I just swept that whole area
yesterday.
Patrick, this is Kayla.
Hi. Delicious-looking tacos.
Got chicken, beef
and vegetarian.
"McCormick" and...
Now let's see...
(chuckles) No lock.
Seed-- what a loser.
Good almonds, though, huh?
"Chester."
Chester, Chester. Who knew?
Wow.
All right, let's see
what Eric makes of this.
(text alert tone sounds)
What's up, Deeks?
Hey, Eric, I need your help
I.D.'ing
this bad boy. You ready?
Yep.
M-47 incendiary bomb,
Vietnam era.
Filled with either white
phosphorus or napalm.
I'm sorry, did you
just say "napalm"?
Or white phosphorous.
Those particular bomb cases
leaked.
They leaked?
Yeah, so they never filled them
until right before
they were loaded
onto the bombers.
Okay, thank you, Eric.
That's good to know.
No problemo.
Whatever happened to keggers
and toga parties?
Show me what you got.
So far, we are
the highest bidder.
Keep it that way.
Got the garage video?
About to roll.
Carlyle's car, 10:00 a.m.
SAM: While we were
still on campus.
A Gremlin?
That's the ugliest car
ever made.
CALLEN:
A visit from St. Nick.
That was fake snow.
Somebody's got
the holiday spirit.
Right, so if Santa has the flux,
we gotta find the Gremlin.
DEEKS: So, uh, whole
rental car thing.
Clearly you're going somewhere.
Thinking about it.
- Near or far?
- Far.
Hot or cold?
Warm.
Alone or accompanied?
(sighs)
You don't have
to answer that.
(doorbell rings)
Okay, I give up.
Okay.
Wait. What? No, I give up,
and then you tell me.
Side door.
You're not gonna tell me,
are you?
KENSI:
Whoa!
Something tells me that Chester
didn't get enough hugs.
Yes, and that's exactly
where I keep my grenades,
next to my crackers.
DEEKS:
Is that a ballistic missile?
(Kensi chuckles)
(electric whirring)
What the hell is that?
I don't know, but it
doesn't sound good.
(gasps) God!
Geez! Oh!
It's a Tesla coil.
A what?!
Nikola Tesla?
The inventor
of alternating current.
Did you not take
high school physics?
No, I was pretty much
just focused
on Marci De Luka's skirt.
Is... Is there an off
switch we just hit?
No, we have to short it out.
We need water.
Take off your shirt.
- How's that?
- Take off your shirt.
We'll wet it, we'll throw it,
it won't arc back.
You got it.
Except for the fact that we
don't have any liquids.
Uh, urine's a good conductor.
Okay, be my guest.
I peed before we got here.
- Really?
- Yes.
You know what?
This isn't gonna work.
I've got a shy bladder.
Deeks, pee or perish!
Hey, hey, look. Goldfish.
Ready? Go.
I should take it.
I played softball in college.
Thanks.
I pitched hardball.
In Little League.
We make it out of this alive,
we're going to Australia.
On three. One,
two, three.
(grunts)
(descending whirring)
(panting)
I think I'm gonna need
a new shirt.
(sighs)
It's all inert ordnance.
I turn bombs
into furniture
for my Swords
into Plowshares project.
What about
the Tesla Coil?
I built it for class.
Then my place got robbed.
Now it's my burglar alarm.
You realize you could
kill someone, right?
No. It's grounded, low
frequency. It's harmless.
Just, uh... makes you pee your
pants and run away.
(chuckles)
Am I right?
You sit tight, Chester.
Hey, if you, uh,
if you want to go after
someone who'd mess
with the flux,
go after Carlyle's assistant.
She scares the crap out of me.
So, what do we think
of Chester here?
I don't think
he'd hurt a flea.
Everything he said was true.
What about your assistant?
Alexis?
She's a bit of a rabid
animal rights activist.
They have used a bomb
or two on research labs.
Well, she trusts me.
I'll-I'll go talk to her.
No, no. We appreciate it,
but you're in custody.
Sorry, Mom,
it's just not a good time.
We're really busy.
Yeah, I mean, we're on the air
every day, even Christmas, so...
Okay, well, just give
Grandma a hug for me,
and I'll talk to you later.
Sorry about that.
Um, we cross-referenced
all university personnel
with the DMV.
And found this little green guy
registered to Jeremy Morlan,
Engineering major.
Never commit a crime in
a Gremlin.
Driving a Gremlin is a crime.
Let's pay Jeremy a visit.
Uh, that's gonna be difficult.
He committed suicide last year
after graduation.
Supposedly, his roommate donated
his car to charity.
Who's his roommate?
NELL: One of our other
grad students,
Hamada Al-Aziz.
He's in Sherman Oaks.
You know what the 405 is like
this time of day?
Run a financial check on
Carlyle's associates,
keep looking
for that Gremlin.
Don't let
that pony get away.
(cell phone buzzes) Aw, shoot,
it's my mom again.
She's wondering why
everyone's home
except me for Christmas.
What do you tell them?
Uh, working.
I'm a TV news editor.
Hmm.
What about you?
Professional blackjack player.
Really?
True.
Until I got banned from Vegas.
NELL: Sorry, Deeks.
- Okay, yeah, we're on our way back.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
What happened?
Dead end. Carlyle's assistant
spent the whole day yesterday
in the ER after she was bit
trying to liberate a chimp.
Although we do have a bunch of
texts to her from Bevan Tao.
KENSI:
Urasawa? How the hell
does a grad student
afford $800 sushi?
It's a good question.
Nell's looking into it.
Speaking of primo sushi,
probably gonna find
some of that in Hawaii.
Have you been on my computer?
No, I'm just using
my excellent powers
of deduction.
Or maybe it's a wild guess.
A wild guess you
just confirmed.
What? Come on. All right,
you stay at a nice hotel,
I'll crash on the beach.
I'll show you
all the places
the locals go.
Mele Kalikimaka.
It's the thing to say.
You know
what that means?
"Merry Christmas."
I'm going alone.
You know what that means?
Hmm... means I'm gonna
pick you up
at the airport
when you get back?
That would be nice.
Secret lady business?
Something like that.
Hey, everybody!
ALL:
Hi, Nell!
(chuckles)
Oh, so good to see you, dear.
You look great.
So do you, Ma.
Man, I wish I could be there.
It's not too late
to hop on a plane.
Kaleidoscope is
running the Gremlin.
- Uh, who's that, honey?
- Uh, that's...
Eric.
Oh. Oh, oh, we've heard so much
about you.
Hi.
Hey. Wait...
Okay, gotta go, Mom.
Bye.
(sighs)
Did I just meet your parents?
I guess so.
What have they
heard about me?
Well...
(Kaleidoscope beeps)
Ooh, you got a hit.
You'd better call Sam.
It's in Hollywood.
(cell phone ringing)
Go, Eric.
We found it.
We actually found it.
The Pony?
No, not the Pony.
The Gremlin.
(scoffs)
Well, at least I got my wish.
♪ ♪
Slim pickings.
That's what happens
when you wait
till the last second to shop.
Same thing goes for toys.
What?
Come on. Could be some
prints on the door.
Who locks a Gremlin?
Hmm.
(cell phone ringing)
Yeah?
ERIC:
Auction ends in 30 minutes.
Can I go up on your bid?
How much?
I think we'll win at 500.
For a little toy pony?
Do it.
(typing)
(computer chimes)
(horse neighs,
cash register rings)
You taking money
from the mob?
Let's just say
I'm a man of my word,
who's going to be eating
peanut butter sandwiches
for the next couple
of months.
You're still coming over for
Christmas dinner, right?
Not if you're serving
peanut butter sandwiches.
This is hot.
What, hot?
It's getting hotter.
(grunts)
(explosion)
You ever seen a car do that?
Once.
In training.
Who was training you?
A chemist.
And we are winning
in three, two...
one.
(cash register rings)
(horse neighs)
No.
(buzzing)
No, no, no.
I don't believe this;
this can't be happening.
Someone sniped us with
a thousand-dollar bid.
Eric, auction's over.
Tell me we got it.
Have you considered Legos?
SAM: How about
I break your Leg-os?
Sorry.
So, the preliminary arson
report on the Gremlin is in.
It was nitrocellulose
plastic, spontaneously
combusting with water.
Probably triggered when you
pulled the door latch.
Guys, there's just been another
break-in at Carlyle's lab.
They stole a vircator.
ERIC:
Oh, boy.
What the hell's a vircator?
ERIC:
When it's used with a flux,
a vircator acts
as a kind of amplifier.
It takes what would be a
localized electromagnetic pulse
and turns it
into something much bigger.
How much bigger?
(sighs)
Big enough
to kiss Los Angeles good-bye.
The vircator completes
an electromagnetic device
or "EMD."
Fits on three shipping pallets,
weighs close to a ton.
Professor?
When the flux
feeds a vircator,
the antenna emits 30,000
volts of microwave energy
over nine miles.
I guess my surge
protector won't help.
Are people hurt by the pulse?
No, not unless
they have a pacemaker.
How can a nine-mile hit
destroy the state?
Well, in the target zone--
computers, cell phones, cars--
anything with a circuit
board dies immediately.
Then you lose electricity.
Power plants are run
by microchips.
Fry enough nodes,
the whole system goes down.
25 million people
without power.
For how long?
A month or two.
If we're lucky.
Yeah. Hospitals only have
backup power for 24 hours.
Yeah, and then there's
loss of water pressure,
water purification...
Toilets back up.
No refrigeration,
no food delivery
to the grocery stores.
People get hungry,
they get violent.
So, rioting and trauma,
dehydration and starvation
and disease.
I'll be on the phone
with Washington.
Don't make me
cancel Christmas.
I was trying to alert people
to the real threat of something
like this happening.
Instead, I've set the whole
thing into motion.
How can they get it to altitude?
A suicide bomber
in a private plane?
It's too heavy.
You have to drop it from a cargo
jet with a tailgate.
Excuse me.
Did Hamada work on the vircator?
Yes, actually, he did last
summer, for a while. Why?
Well, I've got a Lockheed
Tristar at LAX
leased to his uncle's
Somalian charity,
departing tonight.
Maybe not.
That thing is huge.
How would you get that
to the plane?
With a truck.
Do any grad students
own a truck?
Bevan Tao rented one
two days ago.
And I show a spike in cell calls
between Hamada and Bevan Tao.
The same Bevan
who enjoys expensive sushi?
NELL:
He can afford it.
Deposit of $4,000
into his checking account today.
I'm thinking cash for weapons.
Maybe they're going to sell it.
Maybe they already have.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Can I come in?
- Well, I told you to call me
if you had any questions;
I didn't think you'd...
Hello.
You're hanging out
with the janitor?
Oh!
That hurts.
Federal agents.
That's a nice flatscreen.
Uh, it's a Christmas present
from my dad.
Where's your moving truck?
I returned it.
Your buddy Hamada
give you a hand with that?
He's not my friend.
You've been calling
him a lot.
He's my lab partner
in nano-optics.
So you're working with him?
That was a big bank
deposit you made today.
That's my tutoring money.
Wow!
Four grand?
If you get a rich kid into
an Ivy League school,
your rates go up to 300 an hour.
KENSI: Super interesting.
What's his name?
Um...
Johnny.
Can we get an address?
For, um... Johnny?
You're really a federal agent?
(beeping)
We have a schedule.
We need to get all of this
on the plane.
Sorry.
Why are we being singled out?
Do you do this
to the Red Cross?
To Doctors
Without Borders?
(speaking Arabic)
Bunch of canned food.
Some medical supplies.
No sign of the EMD.
There's clothes.
Toys.
Nice try, but I think
these guys are legit.
Did you say toys?
Yeah.
Trust me, there is no
Parker Pony in this box.
Okay, and even if there was,
you really gonna take it
from a needy child?
Really?
I'll leave money
in the box, G. I...
Hamada's hard drive is clean.
As is his airport
warehouse.
And Bevan still
isn't talking.
Yeah, well, see if
he can explain this.
After Bevan moved, T.A. Patrick
Quade drove another 20 miles.
What do Bevan and Patrick
have in common?
Close to $200,000
in student loans.
What's the job market like
for these guys?
Ah, it's pretty dismal.
Only 15% of new grads
find jobs in their field.
That's why Jeremy Morlan
took his life.
I've found recent grads working
as waiters, bartenders.
Even Patrick Quade pulls night
shifts as a security guard.
Okay. Where does he work?
Office buildings, loading docks,
wherever they need him.
What if you could wipe out
your entire educational debt
in one night?
Banks keep backup
files in remote locations,
so that wouldn't work.
No, no, no, I'm talking
about raising cash.
You know, you hit
the Diamond District
or... a fine art gallery.
DEEKS: You know what,
follow my lie.
(door opens)
Patrick Quade
drove your truck.
He wanted to borrow it.
Why is that?
(sighs)
Well, Patrick's
in custody,
and he told us how he
moved the EMD, so...
Wow. You know
what that makes you?
An accessory to a felony.
What is that now?
Is that 15 years?
KENSI: I think it's closer to 20.
- 20!
That is a lot of showering;
you are not gonna make it in ten.
He paid me four grand
to borrow the truck
and to keep my mouth shut.
I wouldn't be part
of the robbery.
When's it going down?
Why don't you ask him?
Why don't I ask...?
You know what?
I got that D.A.,
probably get him 50.
- She's great.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Tonight at midnight.
Some bank downtown.
That's all he said.
Wait. Do I get a lawyer?
KENSI: I don't know.
Have you been naughty
or nice?
DEEKS:
Ten bucks on naughty.
CARLYLE:
Those idiots think
they can control the
cone, but you can't.
The power lines act like
antennas; the pulse will travel
through to hospitals, police
stations, fire departments.
People are going to die.
Okay, 55 minutes to midnight.
CARLYLE:
We're running out of time.
Cap crimper,
socket wrench set.
- All non-magnetic?
- Yeah.
Correct.
The FAA is grounding all flights
coming in and out of LAX
at 23:30.
No, no, it's more than
a blackout, Doctor.
We're talking about ventilators,
pacemakers, dialysis machines
all quitting at once.
- Let's do this.
- All right. Thanks, Doc.
Okay, we'll keep in touch.
There are 59 banks
in downtown L.A.
- We've narrowed it down to a dozen.
- All in high-rise buildings
because you need altitude
for the EMP to hit the ground
with a big enough cone.
Mr. Callen,
Mr. Hanna,
should you find
yourselves on the roof,
there will be no air support.
A helicopter will drop like
a stone in any EMP.
I hope you have a plan B,
if you can't stop this
thing from firing.
Sam's working on plan B.
I'm working on plan A;
you're in charge of plan B.
We're still working on plan B.
Is that so?
Well, I hope
it doesn't involve me
identifying both of you
from your dental records.
Come on.
(tires screeching)
Eric, we're two minutes out.
We need that building.
All right, we're down
to five buildings--
three of them grouped within
two blocks of each other.
What about this one
on Sixth Street?
Not high enough.
20 stories or higher or it's not
going to work effectively.
♪ ♪
I got a bad feeling
about this.
Look on the bright side.
You could be stuck in a mall
fighting crowds
trying to find your pony.
That's what I'm talking about.
I got a bad feeling I'm not
gonna find one.
Well, maybe Santa Claus will
bring it to her.
Maybe I'll tell her
Uncle Callen said
he'd get it for her.
"It's okay, baby girl,
Uncle Callen didn't mean
to let you down."
That's messed up.
You wouldn't.
You shouldn't.
Ho-ho-ho.
(computer beeps)
I got something.
On a rooftop,
looks like building supplies.
Nell, can you check the bank's
security feeds?
Yeah.
We're all out of time,
Mr. Beale.
NELL: Side alley, guy in
a motorcycle helmet.
Other one's
a bank security guard.
Our target is National Bank,
Spring Street.
Less than half a block
from your current location.
We're on the move.
Access via the alley on the west
side of the street.
Two targets: one guy in
a motorcycle helmet,
the other's
a bank security guard.
CALLEN: Kensi, Deeks, check
the lobby.
Sam and I are headed
to the roof.
Federal agents.
On the ground now.
Ooh!
Kensi!
I got him.
Drop it!
(grunting)
You got any other weapons, huh?
Maybe a slide ruler?
Maybe a pointy compass?
No one was gonna get hurt.
Yeah? Well, not a lot
of veggie tacos in the pen,
huh, Patrick?
(panting)
Nell, close up
the parking garage!
Got it.
SAM: They must have used
the freight elevator,
assembled it up here.
CALLEN:
It's got a timer.
It's counting down.
We got seven minutes...
We got a visual.
All right, this is not exactly a
"green wire, red wire" situation.
Sorry, guys, you're gonna have
to disassemble this one.
First pallet, power supply,
flux is in the middle,
then the vircator.
So removing the power supply is
like unhooking a car battery.
(grunts)
Come on.
We need more torque.
Need a bigger wrench.
Let me try.
Be my guest.
Liquid nitrogen?
Works every time.
There you go.
I'll take care of this.
You work on Plan B.
Federal agent!
Stop! Stop now!
DEEKS:
Kensi, where are you?
I'm on the second floor.
Hands behind your back.
(grunts)
Seed, didn't recognize you
without your Birkenstocks.
Why'd you do it?
Why? Because we gave
eight years to higher education
with no promise of a job
or nothing.
We were just taking back
from some billionaire bankers
who never even
deserved a bailout.
Yeah, the rich get richer
and the dumb get dumber.
Last one there.
What next?
All right,
pull off the power supply.
This way's blocked.
We gotta go this way.
One, two, three...
(both grunting)
An inch off
the power supply.
No, it needs to be more.
It can still arc across the gap.
It's less than a minute!
Guys, you are not going
to make it!
What are you doing?
Using the liquid nitrogen.
I want to make sure this thing
blows before it can trigger.
We're gonna have to go plan B.
I hate plan B.
(hissing)
(gasps)
CALLEN:
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
Really?
The longest rope we had.
- This is why I hate plan B.
- I'm sorry, we should have made
a little pit stop at REI.
We could have picked you up
some granola bars, too.
- (cell phone rings) Huh!
You gonna answer that?
(ringing continues,
Sam grunting)
It's Hetty.
You want to take it?
She's calling you, not me.
Hello.
Congratulations, gentlemen.
Next time, you might want
to think about packing
your parachutes.
(sirens approaching)
You getting hungry?
Shut up.
(chuckles)
Thank you, Wesley.
LAPD is waiting.
You know, uh,
I'm not a bad man, Detective.
What I did was misguided.
It was wrong.
- But I'm not a bad man.
- Hmm.
Could you, uh... please
get a message to my daughter
for me?
No, I can't.
But you can tell her yourself.
Hey, Dad.
Sara...
(sobs softly)
I love you, Daddy.
I love you, too.
Ah! Ooh!
This is Theakston's
Christmas Ale
flown all the way from
Yorkshire, England,
and brewed as it was in
Charles Dickens' time.
Carlyle got turned over
to the LAPD.
Not for long.
We posted bail so he could spend
Christmas with his family.
Really?
We felt he'd righted his wrong.
Needless to say, with
the events of the past day,
there's a flood of
interest in his work.
Can't drink on an
empty stomach.
(Kensi gasps)
Sig Sauers and Glocks.
SAM:
Amazing.
Wait. Did you bake
these in the microwave?
I actually reconfigured
the burn room incinerator
as a convection oven.
Smart girl.
Uh, Sam?
Hmm?
Got a little something for you.
How'd you find it?
Don't ask.
You saved my ass.
(chuckles)
- I actually got something for you, too.
- For me?
Yeah. It's a gift
for the tropical sun.
It's made by a woman in Venice
for a very select clientele.
It's hypoallergenic,
made with organic coconut oil,
shea butter and jojoba.
So I thought that you would,
uh, like it.
Wow.
Thank you.
Have fun on your trip.
I may come by on Christmas.
I want to see what
this little pony actually does.
(chuckles)
That was very generous
of you.
I happen to know you procured
that winged little pony
for yourself at Comic-Con
last summer.
You did?
Mr. Beale has quite the fantasy
action figure collection.
(chuckles) You do?
A toast!
To friends
and the family we have...
SAM:
Hear, hear.
HETTY:
Merry Christmas. Cheers.
Cheers. Merry Christmas.
HETTY:
God bless us every one.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==